[ADD] Recruitment: schedule interviews (#9724)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/recruitment/schedule_interviews.rst

===================
Schedule interviews
===================

Schedule in-person, virtual, and phone interviews with Odoo through the *Recruitment* app.

An interview can be scheduled in one of two ways: either by the :ref:`recruitment team

> <schedule_interviews/recruitment-scheduled>`, or by the :ref:`applicant
> <schedule_interviews/applicant-scheduled>`.

Reviewer: Please make sure the app or module name is included in **all** refs
```suggestion
<recruitment/schedule_interviews/recruitment-scheduled>`, or by the :ref:`applicant
<recruitment/schedule_interviews/applicant-scheduled>`.
```

> .. _schedule_interviews/recruitment-scheduled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _recruitment/schedule_interviews/recruitment-scheduled:
```

   default.

   If there is one meeting already scheduled, the smart button displays *1 Meeting*, with the date
   of the upcoming meeting beneath it. If more than one meeting is scheduled, the button displays
   *Next Meeting*, with the date of the first upcoming meeting beneath it.

Clicking the *Meetings* smart button loads a calendar, showing the scheduled meetings and events
for the currently signed-in user, as well as the employees who are listed under the
:guilabel:`Attendees` section, located to the right of the calendar.

To change the currently loaded meetings and events being displayed, uncheck an attendee whose
calendar events are to be hidden. Only the checked attendees are visible on the calendar.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/calendar.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The calendar view, highlighting how to change the displayed meetings.

To add a meeting to the calendar when in the *Day* or *Week* view, click on the start time of the
meeting and drag down to the end time. Doing so selects the date, time, and the length of the
meeting.

A meeting can also be added in this view by clicking on the desired day *and* time slot.

> Both methods cause a :ref:`New Event <schedule_interviews/event-card>` pop-up window to appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both methods cause a :ref:`New Event <recruitment/schedule_interviews/event-card>` pop-up window to
appear.
```

> .. _schedule_interviews/event-card:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _recruitment/schedule_interviews/event-card:
```

- :guilabel:`All Day`: tick the box to schedule an all-day interview. If this box is ticked, the
  :guilabel:`Start` field changes to :guilabel:`Start Date`.
- :guilabel:`Attendees`: select the people who should attend the meeting. The default employee
  listed is the person who created the meeting. Add as many other people as desired.
- :guilabel:`Videocall URL`: if the meeting is virtual, or if there is a virtual option available,
  click :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`Odoo meeting`, and a URL is automatically created for the
  meeting, which populates the field.
- :guilabel:`Description`: enter a brief description in this field. There is an option to enter
  formatted text, such as numbered lists, headings, tables, links, photos, and more. Use the
  powerbox feature, by typing a `/` to reveal a list of options.

  Scroll through the options and click on the desired item. The item appears in the field, and can
  be modified. Each command presents a different pop-up window. Follow the instructions for each
  command to complete the entry.

More options
~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add additional information to the meeting, click the :guilabel:`More Options` button in the

> lower-right corner of the :ref:`New Event <schedule_interviews/event-card>` pop-up window. Enter any
> of the following additional fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lower-right corner of the :ref:`New Event <recruitment/schedule_interviews/event-card>` pop-up
window. Enter any of the following additional fields:
```

  using the drop-down menu to the right of the first selection. Options are :guilabel:`Public`,
  :guilabel:`Private`, and :guilabel:`Only internal users`. :guilabel:`Public` allows for everyone
  to see the meeting, :guilabel:`Private` allows only the attendees listed on the meeting to see the
  meeting, and :guilabel:`Only internal users` allows anyone logged into the company database to see
  the meeting.
- :guilabel:`Organizer`: the employee who created the meeting is populated in this field. Use the
  drop-down menu to change the selected employee.
- :guilabel:`Reminders`: select a reminder from the drop-down menu. Default options include
  :guilabel:`Notification`, :guilabel:`Email`, and :guilabel:`SMS Text Message`, each with a
  specific time period before the event (hours, days, etc). The chosen reminder chosen alerts the
  meeting participants of the meeting, via the selected option at the specified time. Multiple
  reminders can be selected in this field.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/new-event.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A new meeting card with all the details populated, and ready to save.

Send meeting to attendees
-------------------------

> Once changes have been entered on the :ref:`New Event <schedule_interviews/event-card>` pop-up
> window, and the meeting details are correct, the meeting can be sent to the attendees, via email or
> text message, from the expanded event form (what is seen when the :guilabel:`More Options` button is
> clicked on in the :guilabel:`New Event` pop-up window).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once changes have been entered on the :ref:`New Event <recruitment/schedule_interviews/event-card>`
pop-up window, and the meeting details are correct, the meeting can be sent to the attendees, via
email or text message, from the expanded event form (what is seen when the :guilabel:`More Options`
button is clicked on in the :guilabel:`New Event` pop-up window).
```

:guilabel:`Recipients` by default. If needed, add the applicant's email address to the list to send
the email to the applicant, as well. Make any other desired changes to the email. If an attachment
is needed, click the :guilabel:`Attachments` button, navigate to the file, then click
:guilabel:`Open`. Once the email is ready to be sent, click :guilabel:`Send`.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/email-event.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enter the information to send the event via email.

To send the meeting via text message, click the :icon:`fa-mobile` :guilabel:`SMS` button next to
the :guilabel:`Attendees` field on the expanded meeting form. A :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message`
pop-up window appears.

At the top, a blue banner appears if any attendees do not have valid mobile numbers, and lists how
many records are invalid. If a contact does not have a valid mobile number listed, click
:guilabel:`Close`, and edit the attendee's record, then redo these steps.

When no warning message appears, type in the message to be sent to the attendees in the
:guilabel:`Message` field. To add any emojis to the message, click the :icon:`oi-smile-add`

> :guilabel:`(Smileys & Emotions)` icon on the right-side of the pop-up window.

Reviewer: Update icon label :)
```suggestion
:guilabel:`(smile add)` icon on the right-side of the pop-up window.
```

Author: Ahh, ok! When I clicked on the icon, the words that appeared were Smileys & Emotions (just so you didn't think I made up that bizarre term on my own =D)

The number of characters, and amount of text messages required to send the message (according to
GSM7 criteria) appears beneath the :guilabel:`Message` field. Click :guilabel:`Put In Queue` to have
the text sent later, after any other messages are scheduled, or click :guilabel:`Send Now` to send
the message immediately.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/send-sms.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Send a text message to the attendees of the meeting.

.. note::
   Sending text messages is **not** a default capability with Odoo. To send text messages, credits
   are required, which need to be purchased. For more information on IAP credits and plans, refer to
   the :doc:`../../essentials/in_app_purchase` documentation.

> .. _schedule_interviews/applicant-scheduled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _recruitment/schedule_interviews/applicant-scheduled:
```

Applicant scheduled interviews
==============================

By default, the recruitment interview stages are **not** set up for applicants to schedule their own
interviews.

However, if the :guilabel:`First Interview` or :guilabel:`Second Interview` stages are modified to
send the :guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule Interview` email template when an applicant reaches that
stage, the applicant receives a link to the recruitment team's calendar, and can schedule the
interview on their own. The recruitment team's availability is reflected in the calendar.

In order for applicants to be able to schedule their own interviews, a :ref:`stage must first be

> modified <schedule_interviews/modify-stage>` in the *Recruitment* app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modified <recruitment/schedule_interviews/modify-stage>` in the *Recruitment* app.
```

> .. _schedule_interviews/modify-stage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _recruitment/schedule_interviews/modify-stage:
```

navigate to the main :menuselection:`Recruitment` app dashboard. Next, click on the desired job card
to navigate to the :guilabel:`Applications` page for that job position.

Hover over the name of the stage, and a :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon appears in the
upper-right hand side of the stage name. Click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon, and a
drop-down menu appears. Then, click on the :guilabel:`Edit` option, and an :guilabel:`Edit: (Stage)`
form appears.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/edit-stage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The drop-down that appears after clicking the cog.

The :guilabel:`Email Template` field is blank, by default. Using the drop-down menu, select
:guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule interview` for the :guilabel:`Email Template` field, then click
:guilabel:`Save & Close` when done.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/interview-template.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Recruitment: Schedule Interview email template populating the Email Template field.

Send email
----------

After either the :guilabel:`First Interview` or :guilabel:`Second Interview` stages are

> :ref:`modified to send the <schedule_interviews/modify-stage>` :guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule
> interview` email to the applicant upon moving their applicant card to one of those stages, the
> following email is received by the applicant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`modified to send the <recruitment/schedule_interviews/modify-stage>` :guilabel:`Recruitment:
Schedule interview` email to the applicant upon moving their applicant card to one of those stages,
the following email is received by the applicant:
```

=====================================

When an applicant reaches the interview stage, the recruitment team should schedule the interview by
first coordinating a suitable date and time with the applicant and interviewers.

To schedule the interview, navigate to the applicant's card by going to the
:menuselection:`Recruitment app`, and click the relevant job card. This opens the
:guilabel:`Applications` page for that job position. Then, click the applicant's card to view the
detailed applicant form.

To schedule an interview, whether a phone, virtual, or in-person interview, click the :guilabel:`No
Meeting` smart button at the top of the applicant's record.

.. note::
   The meeting smart button displays :guilabel:`No Meeting` if no meetings are currently scheduled.
   For new applicants who are new to the :guilabel:`First Interview` stage, this is the default.

   If there is one meeting already scheduled, the smart button displays :guilabel:`1 Meeting`, with
   the date of the upcoming meeting beneath it. If more than one meeting is scheduled, the button
   displays :guilabel:`Next Meeting`, with the date of the first upcoming meeting beneath it.

> Doing so loads the *Calendar* application, showing the scheduled meetings and events for the

Author: I see what you mean- I spoke with Sam about this too, it is probably the actual calendar app loading, but the masthead of Recruitment stays the same (I have seen this in other apps as well). Since it is confusing to users, or could be, I am just going to say "a calendar loads" since that is still correct.

To add a meeting to the calendar when in the day or week view, click on the start time of the
meeting and drag to the end time, to select the date, time, and the length of the meeting. A meeting
can also be added in this view by clicking on the day *and* the time slot the meeting is to take
place.

Both methods cause a :ref:`New Event <schedule_interviews/event-card>` pop up window to appear.

.. _schedule_interviews/event-card:

New event pop-up window
-----------------------

Clicking a grid corresponding with the time and date opens the :guilabel:`New Event` pop-up window
to schedule a meeting. Enter the information on the form. The only required fields to enter are the
:guilabel:`Meeting Title`, and the :guilabel:`Start` and :guilabel:`End` fields. Once the card
details are entered, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the changes and create the interview.

The fields available to populate or modify on the :guilabel:`New Event` card are as follows:

- :guilabel:`Meeting Title`: enter the subject for the meeting. This should clearly indicate the
  purpose of the meeting. The default subject is the :guilabel:`Subject/Application Name` on the

>   applicant's card.

Author: This is always a hard call because it's a huge/big/important field and I think it should have a name for the field, but it doesn't. So I went with this to have every bullet point start with bold.

    in the blank field, then select the time period using the drop-down menu.
  - :guilabel:`Repeat on`: enabled when the :guilabel:`Weekly` option is selected in the
    :guilabel:`Repeat` field, choose the day the weekly meeting falls on.
  - :guilabel:`Day` or :guilabel:`Date of Month`: choose :guilabel:`Day of Month` to configure a
    series of drop-down menu options to select a specific day of the month, irrespective of the date
    (e.g. the first Tuesday of every month). To set a specific calendar date, choose :guilabel:`Date
    of Month` and enter the calendar date in the field (e.g. 15 to set the meeting to occur on the
    fifteenth of every month).
  - :guilabel:`Until`: using the drop-down menu, select when the meetings stop repeating. The
    available options are :guilabel:`Number of repetitions`, :guilabel:`End date`, and
    :guilabel:`Forever`. If :guilabel:`Number of repetitions` is selected, enter the number of
    total meetings to occur in the blank field. If :guilabel:`End date` is selected, specify the
    date using the calendar pop-up window, or type in a date in a XX/XX/XXXX format.
    :guilabel:`Forever` schedules meetings indefinitely.

> 

Author: Yes, if not the formatting is all messed up.

the email body field.

The followers of the job application, as well as the user who created the meeting, are added as
:guilabel:`Recipients` by default. Add the applicant's email address to the list to send the email
to the applicant as well. Make any other desired changes to the email. If an attachment is needed,
click the :guilabel:`Attachments` button, navigate to the file, then click :guilabel:`Open`. Once
the email is ready to be sent, click :guilabel:`Send`.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/email-event.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enter the information to send the event via email.

To send the meeting via text message, click the :icon:`fa-mobile` :guilabel:`SMS` button next to
the list of attendees. A :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message` pop-up appears.

At the top, a blue box appears if any attendees do not have valid mobile numbers, and lists how many
records are invalid. If a contact does not have a valid mobile number listed, click
:guilabel:`Close`, and edit the attendee's record, then redo these steps.

When no warning message appears, type in the message to be sent to the attendees in the

> :guilabel:`Message` field. to add any emojis to the message, click the :guilabel:`Add Emoji` icon

Author: I didn't even think of this as an icon (don't ask how) - there is one- thank you!

   :align: center
   :alt: Send a text message to the attendees of the meeting.

.. note::
   Sending text messages is not a default capability with Odoo. To send text messages, credits are
   required, which need to be purchased. For more information on IAP credits and plans, refer to
   the :doc:`../../essentials/in_app_purchase` documentation.

.. _schedule_interviews/applicant-scheduled:

Applicant scheduled interviews
==============================

By default, the recruitment interview stages are **not** set up so that applicants are able to
schedule their own interviews.

If the :guilabel:`First Interview` or :guilabel:`Second Interview` stages are modified to send the
:guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule Interview` email template when an applicant reaches that stage, the
applicant received a link to the recruitment team's calendar, and can schedule the interview on
their own. The recruitment team's availability is reflected in the calendar.

In order for applicants to be able to schedule their own interviews, a :ref:`stage must first be
modified <schedule_interviews/modify-stage>` in the *Recruitment* app.

.. _schedule_interviews/modify-stage:

Modify stage
------------

> To modify either the :guilabel:`First Interview` or :guilabel:`Second Interview` stages, first

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To modify either the :guilabel:`First Interview` or :guilabel:`Second Interview` stage, first,
```

navigate to the main :menuselection:`Recruitment` app dashboard. Next, click on the desired job card
to navigate to the :guilabel:`Applications` page for that job position.

> Hover over the name of the stage, and a :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon appears in the
> upper-right hand side of the stage. Click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon and a menu
> appears. Then click on the :guilabel:`Edit` option, and an :guilabel:`Edit: (Stage)` form appears.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hover over the name of the stage, and a :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon appears to the
right of the stage name. Click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon, and a drop-down menu
appears. Then, click the :guilabel:`Edit` option, and an :guilabel:`Edit: (Stage)` form appears.
```

.. image:: schedule_interviews/edit-stage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The drop-down that appears after clicking the cog.

The :guilabel:`Email Template` field is blank, by default. Using the drop-down menu, select
:guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule interview` for the :guilabel:`Email Template` field, then click
:guilabel:`Save & Close` when done.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/interview-template.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Recruitment: Schedule Interview email template populating the Email Template field.

Send email
----------

After either the :guilabel:`First Interview` or :guilabel:`Second Interview` stages are
:ref:`modified to send the <schedule_interviews/modify-stage>` :guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule

> interview` email to the applicant upon moving their applicant card to one of those stages, the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
interview` email to the applicant, the
```

following email is received by the applicant:

`Subject: Can we plan an interview together for your (Job Position) application?`

`Congratulations!
Your application is really interesting and we'd like to plan an interview with you.
Can you please use the button below to schedule it with one of our recruiters?`

`Plan my interview`

Schedule interview
------------------

When the applicant received the email, they click the :guilabel:`Plan my interview` button at the
bottom of the email. This navigates the applicant to a private online scheduling page, which is

> accessible only through the emailed link.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**only** accessible through the emailed link.
```

This page displays the :guilabel:`MEETING DETAILS` on the right side of the screen. This includes

> the format and the length of the meeting. In this example. the interview is virtual

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the format and length of the meeting. In this example. the interview is virtual
```

(:icon:`fa-video-camera` :guilabel:`Online`) and the duration is a half hour (:icon:`fa-clock-o`
:guilabel:`30 minutes`).

First, if there is an option of who to meet with, the user selects who they are scheduling their

> meeting with by clicking on their icon and name. If only one person is available to interview the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
meeting with, by clicking on their icon and name. If only one person is available to interview the
```

applicant, this step is not available. If the applicant does not wish to chose an interviewer, they
can just click :guilabel:`See all availabilities` :icon:`fa-arrow-right`.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/select-interviewer.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The first screen seen after clicking 'Plan my interview', where the applicant selects their
         interviewer.

.. note::

>    If the applicant selects an interviewer, the applicant is navigated to a :guilabel:`Select a date
>    & time` page, and **only** sees the dates and times that specific person is available. In
>    addition, that interviewer's information (name, email, and phone number) appears on the
>    right-side of the screen, under the heading :guilabel:`OPERATOR`, located beneath the
>    :guilabel:`MEETING DETAILS`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If the applicant selects an interviewer, the applicant is shown a :guilabel:`Select a date
   & time` page, and **only** sees the dates and times that specific person is available. In
   addition, that interviewer's information (name, email, and phone number) appears on the
   right-side of the screen, under the heading :guilabel:`OPERATOR`, located beneath the
   :guilabel:`MEETING DETAILS`.
```

   If the applicant clicks :guilabel:`See all availabilities` :icon:`fa-arrow-right` instead, or if
   there are no interviewer options available, the user is navigated to the same :guilabel:`Select a
   date & time` page, but there is no :guilabel:`OPERATOR` section visible.

> The applicant then clicks on an available day on the calendar, signified by a square around the
> date. Once a day is selected, they click on one of the available times to select that date and time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then the applicant clicks on an available day on the calendar, signified by a square around the
date. Once a day is selected, they click on one of the available times to select that date and time.
```

.. image:: schedule_interviews/select-date-time.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The calendar screen with dates and times to schedule an interview.

.. tip::
   Be sure to check the :guilabel:`Timezone` field, beneath the calendar, to ensure it is set to the
   correct time zone. Changing the time zone may alter the available times presented.

Once the date and time are selected, the applicant is navigated to an :guilabel:`Add more details
about you` page. This page asks the applicant to enter their :guilabel:`Full name`,
:guilabel:`Email`, and :guilabel:`Phone number`. The contact information entered on this form is how

> the applicant will be contacted to remind them about the scheduled interview.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the applicant is contacted to remind them about the scheduled interview.
```

When everything is entered on the :guilabel:`Add more details about you` page, the applicant clicks
the :guilabel:`Confirm Appointment` button, and the interview is scheduled.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/confirmation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The confirmation page with all the details for the interview displayed.

> After confirming the interview, the applicant is navigated to a confirmation page, where all the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After confirming the interview, the applicant is taken to a confirmation page, where all the
```

details of the interview are displayed. The option to add the meeting to the applicant's personal

> calendars is available, through the :guilabel:`Add to iCal/Outlook` and :guilabel:`Add to Google

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
calendar(s) is available, through the :guilabel:`Add to iCal/Outlook` and :guilabel:`Add to Google
```

    options are :guilabel:`Daily`, :guilabel:`Weekly`, :guilabel:`Monthly`, :guilabel:`Yearly`, or
    :guilabel:`Custom`. If :guilabel:`Custom` is selected, a :guilabel:`Repeat Every` field appears
    beneath it, along with another time frequency parameter (:guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Weeks`,
    :guilabel:`Months`, or :guilabel:`Years`). Enter a number in the blank field, then select the
    time period using the drop-down menu.
  - :guilabel:`Repeat on`: if :guilabel:`Weekly` is selected for the :guilabel:`Repeat` field, the
    :guilabel:`Repeat on` field appears. Click on the corresponding day to select it.
  - :guilabel:`Day of Month`: if :guilabel:`Monthly` is selected for the :guilabel:`Repeat` field,
    the :guilabel:`Day of Month` field appears. Using the drop-down menu, select either
    :guilabel:`Date of month` or :guilabel:`Day of month`. If :guilabel:`Date of month` is selected,
    enter the date the meeting repeats. If :guilabel:`Day of month` is selected, use the drop-down
    menus to determine the frequency. Select either :guilabel:`First`, :guilabel:`Second`,
    :guilabel:`Third`, :guilabel:`Fourth`, or :guilabel:`Last` for the first drop-down menu, then

>     select the day (:guilabel:`Monday`, :guilabel:`Tuesday`, etc.) in the second drop-down menu.

Author: This is SO much better- thank you!

  visibility of this meeting, using the drop-down menu to the right of the first selection. Options
  are :guilabel:`Public`, :guilabel:`Private`, and :guilabel:`Only internal users`.
  :guilabel:`Public` allows for everyone to see the meeting, :guilabel:`Private` allows only the
  attendees listed on the meeting to see the meeting, and :guilabel:`Only internal users` allows
  anyone logged into the company database to see the meeting.
- :guilabel:`Organizer`: the employee who created the meeting is populated in this field. Use the
  drop-down menu to change the selected employee.
- :guilabel:`Reminders`: select a reminder from the drop-down menu. Default options include
  :guilabel:`Notification`, :guilabel:`Email`, and :guilabel:`SMS Text Message`, each with a
  specific time period before the event (hours, days, etc). The reminder chosen alerts the meeting
  participants of the meeting via the selected option at the specified time. Multiple reminders can
  be selected in this field.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/new-event.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A new meeting card with all the details populated, and ready to save.

Send meeting to attendees
-------------------------

> Once changes have been entered and the meeting details are correct, the meeting can be sent to the

Reviewer 3: Which form should I be looking at right now? (: I think the context would be helpful for readers skimming through the doc!

:guilabel:`Close`, and edit the attendee's record, then redo these steps.

When no warning message appears, type in the message to be sent to the attendees in the
:guilabel:`Message` field. to add any emojis to the message, click the :guilabel:`Add Emoji` icon
on the right-side of the pop-up window.

Beneath the message field, the number of characters, as well as the amount of text messages required
to send the message (according to GSM7 criteria) appears. Click :guilabel:`Put In Queue` to have the
text sent later, after any other messages are scheduled, or click :guilabel:`Send Now` to send the
message immediately.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/send-sms.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Send a text message to the attendees of the meeting.

.. note::
   Sending text messages is not a default capability with Odoo. To send text messages, credits are
   required, which need to be purchased. For more information on IAP credits and plans, refer to
   the :doc:`../../essentials/in_app_purchase` documentation.

.. _schedule_interviews/applicant-scheduled:

Applicant scheduled interviews
==============================

> By default, the recruitment interview stages are **not** set up so that applicant's are able to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, the recruitment interview stages are **not** set up so that applicants are able to
```

To modify either the :guilabel:`First Interview` or :guilabel:`Second Interview` stages, first
navigate to the main :menuselection:`Recruitment` app dashboard. Next, click on the desired job card
to navigate to the :guilabel:`Applications` page for that job position.

Hover over the name of the stage, and a :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon appears in the
upper-right hand side of the stage. Click on the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon and a menu
appears. Then click on the :guilabel:`Edit` option, and an :guilabel:`Edit: (Stage)` form appears.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/edit-stage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The drop-down that appears after clicking the cog.

The :guilabel:`Email Template` field is blank, by default. Using the drop-down menu, select
:guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule interview` for the :guilabel:`Email Template` field, then click
:guilabel:`Save & Close` when done.

.. image:: schedule_interviews/interview-template.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Recruitment: Schedule Interview email template populating the Email Template field.

Send email
----------

After either the :guilabel:`First Interview` or :guilabel:`Second Interview` stages are

> :ref:`modified to send the<schedule_interviews/modify-stage>` :guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:ref:`modified to send the <schedule_interviews/modify-stage>` :guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule
```
